All right, we'll go to rust,
we'll go to projects.
Now, there's a problem here.
This is my old main file,
this is the only entry into our binary.
So to allow multiple entries,
we create a folder called bin and
then we have to move main into that bin.
So I'm gonna move main and
I'm just gonna call p1.rs.
So now when I run it,
instead of doing cargo run,
I'm gonna go bin p1 and
it will run that one, right?
Nice way to be able to have multiple
entries into your program, so src/bin.
So there we go, we're in src/bin,
you can see that right down here,
if you don't know how to see those things
src/bin down here, I have one file.
Let's create a p2.rs.
And we're gonna do the exact same thing.
I'm gonna hop back to my previous project,
and
I'm going to grab this thing,
put it in my clipboard, paste it in.
Function goes to fn, colon goes to dash
over, string goes of course to ampersand,
that, static cuz it lives forever,
do that.
Grave, as we've all learned, goes to here,
go down, and of course grave right here,
does that.
There we go.
We now have this beautiful
piece of getting input and
it's still complaining because we
forgot to rename this as get_input.
It will always complain until
you have a main function, so
don't forget to get
a main function in there.
There we go.
So now let's create our structs, right?
So do the exact same thing,
we're gonna do struct point,
we'll have x as an i32, a y as an i32.
We will have a line as a p1 and a p2.
And that will be a point and
a point, there we go, right.
We've done this a couple times now,
we're pretty much familiar.
You could have copied and pasted the
TypeScript code, removed the equal sign,
and it almost have been
exactly how it should be.
So it's pretty straightforward.
Now, this is where we're gonna do
something that I think is pretty cool.
We're gonna implement a trait, a trait,
remember, is just an interface.
If you implement interfaces,
you can actually interact with a lot of
the standard functions that
are available inside of Rust.
So we're gonna do FromString,
now this is a beautiful, beautiful thing.
So we're wanna go FromString and
we're gonna pass in a point.
Let's see.
Four point, I believe that is.
So there we go.
Now we have this, so it's wanna give us
this error, not everything's implemented,
just like any interface,
you have to implement all the items.
So you can use code actions to give you
the bare bones kind of implementation.
So we were on using our first trait.
This is something we haven't seen yet.
Traits are fantastic.
Like I said, they are just like
interfaces from, say, TypeScript.
If you do an interface foo and
then you allow a class to implement it,
you have to add those methods to it.
It's backwards in Rust in the sense
that you create your struct like I did
right here for, say, point.
And then I say, endpoint also implements
this interface or this trait.
And by implementing this trait,
there's other functions that just
take in trait objects or
they're generic on trait objects and
they're able to do operations
based on these trait methods.
And so that is actually pretty cool.
It allows some pretty
radical stuff to be done.
So let's just get started right here.
So, make sure you do
a cargo install cargo-edit.
This gives you the ability
to do a cargo add and
you can just simply add
libraries to your cargo.toml.
You can hand edit your
package.json in TypeScript.
You can hand edit your cargo.toml in Rust.
Should you do it?
Well, I mean, if something already does
it for you, gets the correct version,
all that,
why would you ever want to do it, correct?
That's at least how I personally feel.
So just install this thing, it might take
a moment and then afterwards you'll be
able to do what I did,
which of course is cargo add anyhow.
Anyhow is the error handler
that we did talk about earlier,
it's pretty darn good at handling errors.
And since we're now starting to get into
the more error prone aspects of Rust,
it's good to have this.
I also made a distinction earlier, this
error, which is another error handling
library, is really great if you're writing
a library that someone else will consume.
Anyhow is if you're writing an application
that you want to execute, anyhow kind of,
it's just a little different.
This error produces you concrete
types of errors in which you can have
certain responses and certain values to
be produced back out, which makes it very
nice for a library, because then
there's an expected error type.
Everything's great, and it's not a this
error, it's like the error you've created.
And so it's just a little bit nicer, of
course, it uses enums, all the fun stuff,
but we're gonna be using anyhow.
I strongly recommend checking out this
error if you're building a library